app-accessibility/speech-dispatcher no-lto.conf
app-admin/conky no-lto.conf
app-admin/sudo no-lto.conf
app-antivirus/clamav no-lto.conf
app-cdr/cdrtools no-lto.conf
app-emulation/virtualbox-extpack-oracle no-lto.conf
app-emulation/virtualbox no-lto.conf
app-i18n/mozc no-lto.conf
app-i18n/zinnia no-lto.conf
app-leechcraft/lc-azoth no-lto.conf
app-leechcraft/lc-blasq no-lto.conf
app-leechcraft/lc-blogique no-lto.conf
app-leechcraft/lc-lmp no-lto.conf
app-leechcraft/lc-touchstreams no-lto.conf
app-misc/recoll no-lto.conf
app-mobilephone/gnokii no-lto.conf
app-office/akonadi-server no-lto.conf
app-office/libreoffice no-lto.conf
app-office/lyx no-lto.conf
app-pda/funambol-client-sdk no-lto.conf
app-shells/zsh no-lto.conf
app-text/aspell no-lto.conf
app-text/cwtext no-lto.conf
app-text/dvipsk no-lto.conf
app-text/libpaper no-lto.conf
app-text/libwps no-lto.conf
app-text/mecab no-lto.conf
app-text/multitail no-lto.conf
app-text/podofo no-lto.conf
app-text/ps2pkm no-lto.conf
app-text/rarian no-lto.conf
app-text/texlive-core no-lto.conf
dev-cpp/libcmis no-lto.conf
dev-java/antlr no-lto.conf
dev-java/icedtea no-lto.conf
dev-lang/lua no-lto.conf
dev-lang/ocaml no-lto.conf
dev-lang/perl no-lto.conf
dev-lang/python no-lto.conf
dev-lang/ruby no-lto.conf
dev-lang/spidermonkey no-lto.conf
dev-lang/v8 no-lto.conf
dev-libs/boost no-lto.conf
dev-libs/crypto++ no-lto.conf
dev-libs/cyrus-sasl no-lto.conf
dev-libs/elfutils no-lto.conf
dev-libs/glib no-lto.conf
dev-libs/gobject-introspection no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libnl no-lto.conf
dev-libs/libsigsegv no-lto.conf
dev-libs/nettle no-lto.conf
dev-libs/nss no-lto.conf
dev-libs/rasqal no-lto.conf
dev-libs/xapian no-lto.conf
dev-python/gnome-keyring-python no-lto.conf
dev-python/notify-python no-lto.conf
dev-python/pygoocanvas no-lto.conf
dev-tex/luatex no-lto.conf
dev-util/ccache no-lto.conf
dev-util/dialog no-lto.conf
dev-vcs/cvs no-lto.conf
dev-vcs/subversion no-lto.conf
games-engines/instead no-lto.conf
games-puzzle/enigma no-lto.conf
games-sports/torcs no-lto.conf
gnome-base/librsvg no-lto.conf
kde-base/akregator no-lto.conf
kde-base/katepart no-lto.conf
kde-base/kdegraphics-mobipocket no-lto.conf
kde-base/kdelibs no-lto.conf
kde-base/kmail no-lto.conf
kde-base/korganizer no-lto.conf
kde-base/kwin no-lto.conf
kde-base/okteta no-lto.conf
kde-base/okular no-lto.conf
mail-client/thunderbird no-lto.conf
media-gfx/digikam no-lto.conf
media-gfx/fbida no-lto.conf
media-gfx/hugin no-lto.conf
media-gfx/inkscape no-lto.conf
media-gfx/sane-backends no-lto.conf
media-gfx/splashutils no-lto.conf
media-libs/aften no-lto.conf
media-libs/alsa-lib no-lto.conf
media-libs/avidemux-core no-lto.conf
media-libs/avidemux-plugins no-lto.conf
media-libs/giflib no-lto.conf
media-libs/gst-plugins-base no-lto.conf
media-libs/ladspa-sdk no-lto.conf
media-libs/libjpeg-turbo no-lto.conf
media-libs/libsndfile no-lto.conf
media-libs/libvisio no-lto.conf
media-libs/libvorbis no-lto.conf
media-libs/libvpx no-lto.conf
media-libs/mesa no-lto.conf
media-libs/phonon-gstreamer no-lto.conf
media-libs/phonon no-lto.conf
media-libs/schroedinger no-lto.conf
media-plugins/mediastreamer-amr no-lto.conf
media-sound/amarok no-lto.conf
media-sound/clementine no-lto.conf
media-sound/deadbeef no-lto.conf
media-sound/musepack-tools no-lto.conf
media-sound/pms no-lto.conf
media-sound/pulseaudio no-lto.conf
media-sound/shorten no-lto.conf
media-sound/tomahawk no-lto.conf
media-sound/wavpack no-lto.conf
media-tv/v4l-utils no-lto.conf
media-tv/xawtv no-lto.conf
media-video/avidemux no-lto.conf
media-video/ffmpeg no-lto.conf
media-video/mkvtoolnix no-lto.conf
media-video/mplayer2 no-lto.conf
media-video/mplayer no-lto.conf
media-video/xanim no-lto.conf
net-analyzer/nmap no-lto.conf
net-firewall/fwbuilder no-lto.conf
net-firewall/iptables no-lto.conf
net-firewall/vuurmuur no-lto.conf
net-fs/nfs-utils no-lto.conf
net-ftp/vsftpd no-lto.conf
net-libs/libetpan no-lto.conf
net-libs/rb_libtorrent no-lto.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk no-lto.conf
net-misc/networkmanager no-lto.conf
net-misc/ntp no-lto.conf
net-misc/nx no-lto.conf
net-misc/tor no-lto.conf
net-p2p/amule no-lto.conf
net-p2p/bitcoin-qt no-lto.conf
net-print/cups no-lto.conf
net-print/foomatic-filters no-lto.conf
net-wireless/wimax-tools no-lto.conf
sci-biology/ncbi-tools++ no-lto.conf
sci-biology/stride no-lto.conf
sci-chemistry/openbabel no-lto.conf
sci-chemistry/vmd no-lto.conf
sci-geosciences/grass no-lto.conf
sci-libs/gdal no-lto.conf
sci-libs/szip no-lto.conf
sys-apps/acl no-lto.conf
sys-apps/gawk no-lto.conf
sys-apps/groff no-lto.conf
sys-apps/hdparm no-lto.conf
sys-apps/hwinfo no-lto.conf
sys-apps/lm_sensors no-lto.conf
sys-apps/man-db no-lto.conf
sys-apps/pciutils no-lto.conf
sys-apps/sg3_utils no-lto.conf
sys-apps/sysvinit no-lto.conf
sys-apps/util-linux no-lto.conf
sys-auth/polkit no-lto.conf
sys-block/thin-provisioning-tools no-lto.conf
sys-devel/autogen no-lto.conf
sys-devel/flex no-lto.conf
sys-devel/gcc no-lto.conf
sys-devel/gettext no-lto.conf
sys-devel/llvm no-lto.conf
sys-devel/ucpp no-lto.conf
sys-fs/e2fsprogs no-lto.conf
sys-fs/fusecompress-live no-lto.conf
sys-fs/offlinefs no-lto.conf
sys-fs/unionfs-fuse no-lto.conf
sys-fs/xfsprogs no-lto.conf
sys-libs/gpm no-lto.conf
sys-libs/ncurses no-lto.conf
sys-power/upower no-lto.conf
sys-process/atop no-lto.conf
sys-process/audit no-lto.conf
sys-process/htop no-lto.conf
www-client/chromium no-lto.conf
www-client/httrack no-lto.conf
x11-apps/bitmap no-lto.conf
x11-apps/xrandr no-lto.conf
x11-base/xorg-server no-lto.conf
x11-drivers/nvidia-drivers no-lto.conf
x11-libs/fltk no-lto.conf
x11-libs/gdk-pixbuf no-lto.conf
x11-libs/gtkglext no-lto.conf
x11-libs/pixman no-lto.conf
x11-libs/wxGTK no-lto.conf
x11-themes/crystal no-lto.conf
