app-leechcraft/lc-monocle debug
app-leechcraft/lc-hotstreams debug
app-leechcraft/lc-lastfmscrobble debug
app-leechcraft/lc-lmp debug
app-leechcraft/lc-musiczombie debug acoustid
app-leechcraft/lc-touchstreams debug
app-leechcraft/lc-networkmonitor debug
app-leechcraft/lc-azoth debug media
app-leechcraft/lc-advancednotifications debug
app-leechcraft/lc-anhero debug
app-leechcraft/lc-auscrie debug
app-leechcraft/lc-blogique debug
app-leechcraft/lc-core debug
app-leechcraft/lc-cstp debug
app-leechcraft/lc-dbusmanager debug
app-leechcraft/lc-gacts debug
app-leechcraft/lc-glance debug
app-leechcraft/lc-historyholder debug
app-leechcraft/lc-kinotify debug
app-leechcraft/lc-lackman debug
app-leechcraft/lc-launchy debug
app-leechcraft/lc-lemon debug
app-leechcraft/lc-newlife debug
app-leechcraft/lc-otlozhu debug
app-leechcraft/lc-pintab debug
app-leechcraft/lc-qrosp debug
app-leechcraft/lc-sb2 debug
app-leechcraft/lc-secman debug
app-leechcraft/lc-summary debug
app-leechcraft/lc-tabsessmanager debug
app-leechcraft/lc-tabslist debug
app-leechcraft/lc-xproxy debug
app-leechcraft/lc-vrooby debug udisks2 -udisks
app-leechcraft/lc-deadlyrics debug
app-leechcraft/lc-dolozhee debug
app-leechcraft/lc-poshuku debug
app-leechcraft/lc-vgrabber debug
app-leechcraft/lc-pogooglue debug
app-leechcraft/lc-seekthru debug
app-leechcraft/lc-lhtr debug
app-leechcraft/lc-tpi debug
app-leechcraft/lc-gmailnotifier debug notify quark
app-leechcraft/lc-xtazy debug
app-leechcraft/lc-popishu debug
app-leechcraft/lc-krigstask debug
app-leechcraft/lc-mellonetray debug
app-leechcraft/lc-imgaste debug
app-leechcraft/lc-aggregator debug
app-leechcraft/liblaretz debug
app-leechcraft/lc-fenet debug
app-leechcraft/lc-blasq debug
app-leechcraft/lc-devmon debug
net-libs/qxmpp debug
